added node.js guide for connections guide (#157)
tembo-io/website: docs/connecting-to-tembo/nodejs.md

It's important to use `pg` version 8.11.3 or greater.
```shell title="shell"
npm install pg@8.11.3
```

> Node.JS requires a CA Certificate. Refer to [this guide](https://tembo.io/docs/tembo-cloud/connecting-with-stronger-sslmode) to retrieve your certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node.JS requires a certificate to authenticate the server. Please refer to [this guide](https://tembo.io/docs/tembo-cloud/connecting-with-stronger-sslmode) to retrieve the CA certificate, referred to in Postgres terminology as the [sslrootcert](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-ssl.html).
```
